I be over the bridge that holdeth,
Living through this barren land.
I am being, but thou art mighty,
Holding with thy powerful hand.
Strong deliver, strong deliver,
Give us still thy strength and shield.
And with eyes full of yonder,
We will live while I pray.
My eyes on a path of glory,
Hell and foray on the way.
O, my God, O, my God,
All the world is in your hands.
I am being, but thou art mighty,
Holding with thy powerful hand.
O, my God, O, my God,
All the world is in your hands.
And with eyes full of yonder,
We will live while I pray.
My eyes on a path of glory,
Hell and foray on the way.
O, my God, O, my God,
All the world is in your hands.
I am being, but thou art mighty,
Holding with thy powerful hand.
O, my God, O, my God,
All the world is in your hands.
Swear ye to the Swear ye that
Let me save all day and sign.
Songs of praises, songs of praises,
I will ever give to thee.